You
I'm going to pause for just a second here and try to adjust one slide quick and then I'm going to get right back on it. I promise. Let me just adjust this one slide slide here, which I don't know why I didn't adjust it before. Where is it? Where did it go?
Where did that slide go? Wait, I don't have that slide. Oh, yeah, here it is. Um.
Hold on one second. Let me just adjust the slide. Sorry. Today is a good.
Okay, I'm just sorry. I just had to, I, of course, I have to ruin everything with this, right? I have to.
I'm going to pause for just a second.
I
I think truth is good for kids. We're so busy lying. We don't even recognize the truth no more than society.
We want everybody to feel good. That's not that's not the way life is.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied. I'm sure I'll lie again. I don't want to lie. You know, I don't think I'm a liar. I try not to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar. I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
I'm not sure exactly who he is. His name is J. J. Cooey. And I believe he's a consultant for CHD. And I believe he has a PhD in some sort of scientific division.
It's a discipline from what I understand.
It is not to be believed. They're still recommending it for children and for pregnant women. It is still just transfection. It is still just criminally negligent.
But Arthur, I'm afraid they're going to keep on going and keep on going until every single one of us decides not to participate anymore.
We're all going to have to be our little our own little Galileo.
Or these ideas are going to keep spreading. And the truth will be distorted forever.
It's all about your attention and where you place your conscious efforts. We've got to train our children better because these adults have been lying to them and us for a very, very long time.
And we are now seemingly teaching our children that you can just attribute bad motives to the people you disagree with. Call them Nazis and the argument is one.
And this is how they are winning with this biological nonsense, this mythology that they are pushing.
It's also how they've been able to get away with enslaving us using fractional reserve banking that none of us have been aware of long enough to do anything about it.
And in fact, our entire lives are organized around it.
You don't understand Mr. Brown.
But some people are never going to see it. That's the problem. Even when they're shown that they're not going to see it because of people like Tony Fauci.
And because of the billionaire class that still believes that their AI could solve all of humanity's problems if it was just given all the data.
In the meantime, we have a history that we need to document.
The people like Mark Koolak are some of the few people that are actually trying to document our history.
Not the Wikipedia version, not the omitted version, but the real version.
Because our grandparents actually gave power to charlatans long ago and our parents accepted that power being in the hands of charlatans when they were young.
And this has been passed on to us as well.
And so in order for us to break out of this bamboozled man, we're going to have to take the power back from these charlatans who actually have it in their hands.
Because our parents gave it to them. And more importantly, maybe for the story, some of their parents, their parents gave it to them.
Not everybody's parents were bad guys though. Not everybody's parents were bad guys though.
And so we have to, some very complicated familial web of deception we need to cut through.
And I honestly don't think very many people are trying as hard as Mark Koolak, or myself, and a few others.
Some guy by the name of Eret in Canada that's starting to catch my attention.
I assure you, if I can do biology as well as that man can surf on his knees, I guess I probably wouldn't just be streaming online, but that's the way it is.
I'm your online biologist in the pocket. And if you've been here for a while, you're here at the top of the wave.
And where we stay focused on the biology, we don't take the bait on social media and we love our neighbors.
The way it works is you guys are sharing this stream and people are finding it.
And occasionally somebody subscribes and slowly but surely that list at the beginning of the stream is getting longer and that means my family is getting closer and closer to be okay.
And we've got a lot of work to do. I've got a lot of work to do really. A lot of, I've got to put my money where my mouth was a long time ago.
I haven't had a lot of, I haven't had a lot of sub-stack post lately, which is a very big ball drop there.
So I'm apologizing to everyone, we're going to get some stuff done this weekend.
It's hard just to keep a few balls in the air. That is the guy, Matthew Ered, Ered.
I'm interested in that guy. I might have him on the stream, although he seems a lot more well-read in books than I am not well-read in.
He could easily bamboozle me, but what I've read from him, he's not into bamboozling folks, so that's great.
Because this is really sustained through our active participation and we're going to need help getting out of it and united down to compliance is not something that's going to be easy to exercise unless we have the knowledge to back it up.
And so I'm a human just like you and I'm trying to find my way out of this hole just like you.
And I do believe that biology is that way out. So welcome to the show.
Hello, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the show. This is Giga Ohm Biological, a high-resistance low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
On the 26th of April, 2024, I'm going to steal back that CBS Sunday morning horn that I used to use at the beginning of this stream a while back because I do think it's just a nice thing from my my child that I could so remember watching CBS Sunday morning.
And most importantly, I remember the photo and video montages at the end of that show where they would show like sunrise on a marsh and all the sounds of the birds in the water would be in the background and then they would wish you a good morning.
I want to start to have Giga Ohm Biological be more of something like that where I don't bring all the doom and gloom all the time.
But start to, you know, again, focus on the exit of this cave. And in that sense, I still do have some very important messages to deliver including the intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
And also the transfection and healthy humans is criminally negligent and RNA cannot pandemic.
We do have a hypothesis that I also think is worth repeating many, many times.
This little blip here that's at the start of the pandemic in 2020 and can be seen here in the upper graph.
The upper graph is actually all cause mortality where you can see between 60 and 50,000 people every week die in America before the pandemic.
And if we zoomed out a little farther, you would actually see that this line is actually sloping.
It's sloping up toward this end of the graph here.
And the reason why it would be sloping up is because there are more and more people in America every year.
And so those more and more people, there's more and more people that are going to die every year.
So that slope is actually something like this. It's like, you know, sloping up into the future.
And so these bumps that were portrayed to us down here at the bottom is starting from zero were already very, very disingenuously portrayed.
Because again, there are a certain number of people that consistently die every year from what we label as pneumonia and influenza.
And there are about 50 to 60,000 people, sometimes as many as 70,000 people every week dying in the winters during the flu season.
And so again, the numbers that were on television and the way that they were portrayed were very disingenuous and they were disingenuous on purpose because again, the who had declared a pandemic of a novel virus for which we were all immune.
And the who actually published the parameters by which we could test for it in terms of reverse transcriptase PCR reactions.
And without any evidence that this background was clean without any evidence that the, that these tests would not bring up any background signals or overlap with any other signals that could be misconstrued as this novel virus.
And they declared a pandemic and all the governments in Western culture Western society basically went along with it hook line and sinker and executed a plan that they had been rehearsing for several decades and fine tuning for several decades.
And because this plan included financial incentives because this plan included a worst case scenario response to what could potentially be a billion people dead if we don't respond with the utmost urgency.
And we don't get 100% compliance and therefore, because it was a national security priority to get 100% compliance, they could use money.
They could use coercion and they could use lying in order to do it because it was a national security thing.
It is possible. And the technology does exist and it's called infectious clones that a RNA signal detectable by these molecular diagnostics and detectable by these sequencing technologies could have been present in these places around the globe.
But if it was, and it was president high fidelity, the only way that could have occurred with the same RNA sequences if an infectious clone was used.
Irrespective of how this theater was orchestrated. The reason why the theater was orchestrated is because of a preexisting plan to invert our sovereignty to permissions and to make sure that our populations and mass could be used as experimental
animals. So that these.
Transfection technologies could finally be rolled out in the animals they were intended to be used in knowing all along that if we were going to keep using monkeys and mice we were never going to figure out how any of this worked.
And so they needed us to accept this they needed us to get behind people like Netanyahu who were ready to turn over all of the data.
They needed to get people like Justin Trudeau behind them because he was willing to turn over all the data. They needed to get people in the UK behind them because they have all the data.
And then they needed to get the private corporations the big hospital conglomerates together in America so that they could orchestrate the start of the theater.
People was rolling just like the ball in the beginning of Indiana Jones it ain't stopping.
And that's where we are right now four years later with a bunch of people whose salary and position in the hierarchy is dependent on them not challenging the premises of this national security operation, not the premises of a faith, not the premises of biology
and the premises of a national security operation that they are aware of.
Why is that there right now?
Are we already going to do this? Is that already coming up right now? It is isn't it? Yes. Okay. Let's do the death UK death doc because I think that's a good idea.
I think 33 will get through it this way and then if we make it farther, we will.
Am I out of focus? I was in focus right? I was in focus right? It's good. I think if I get to, I got to really have a really good camera up there. So sometimes I get out of focus.
Anyway, reach out to super spreaders to find out. I already have contact with Matthew in other directions because of Kara and Jeff from Earth.
I just haven't really followed through with it yet because I have had other balls in the air. I've had some consulting to do which is kind of helping ends meet. That's part of the reason why there are a lot of study halls still.
So, yeah, I'm just very thankful that everything is moving forward. I'm going to zoom out of here. I'm going to pop into here. I do have it slightly sped up.
If it gets annoying for you because it is sped up, just please let me know and I will slow it down, but it's not that much sped up.
And then I'm going to zip over into the corner. I'll see you in a minute.
A good death needs three things. It needs equipment. It needs medication and it needs the staff to administer it. Do you have enough syringe drivers in the NHS to deliver medications to keep people comfortable when they're passing away?
Yes, right now we do.
And the second one is with that, that's the syringe drivers to deliver medication, particularly things like medazalam and maufi.
Do you have any precautions put in place to make sure we have enough of those medications to be delivered? Yes, we do.
Of course, what we're trying to do here and what they're trying to do and what we want to pay attention to is what we want to pay attention to is that, of course, we are making the argument, Jessica's making the argument marks, making the argument, a lot of people are not
making the argument that they murdered people in order to start the pandemic. A lot of people. Let's put that very clear. A lot of people that have been in front of a lot of people that have been on stage that have been censored and got on tucker that have been on on tour that have been on cruises off Turkey that have been on stage in Romania that have been in front of the Senate multiple times, none of them.
I mean, none of them. None of them. None of them. None of them. None of them.
Are talking about the people that were murdered in order to see the notion of a pandemic. None of them are talking about it. And this is a problem because the stats are very clear.
People were murdered, even if you shuffle all the stuff around on the table. And there's still some sand in the corner that you can call a respiratory pathogen that we didn't know about before that sand.
Is gone.
And nobody's talking about it. The rest of the table is covered in murder.
Everybody's talking about the sand on the floor.
Everybody's talking about the consequences, you know, like the consequences of the shot, but nobody's talking about how it is that they actually managed to scare billions of people into accepting transfection.
Because it's better than whatever else is out there.
And the way they did it is by murdering people and lying about it. And that's the part of this story that the vast majority of these people won't talk about.
They write books about Ivermectin. They will go on Tucker and talk about how their career was ruined. They will complain about how they lost their YouTube monetization.
But they will not speak out about the murdered Americans.
The justified the start of the pandemic around the world, the Jessica Hockett and others have so eloquently shown us is there.
The Denny Rancor has so eloquently shown us is not there.
Ladies and gentlemen, we need to wake up and apologize to our kids for getting there only right now. We need to wake up and apologize to our college kids while they're losing their mind about the artificial circus in the Middle East.
Ladies and gentlemen, do not misunderstand me. I'm sure there are people being killed in Gaza right now because they kill people in order to create the narratives that they lie about to govern us.
I'm sure they killed people in Iraq. I'm sure they killed people in Syria. I'm sure they killed people in Libya. I'm sure they killed people in China. I'm sure they killed people in Russia. I'm sure they're killing people in Ukraine.
Because they kill people and then lie about it in order to govern us. And the pandemic is just a particularly wonderful example of it right in your face.
You are in a dark room, ladies and gentlemen, with people whispering in your ear about what you should find with your hands. You have found a brick wall and they are telling you to run toward the wall.
Don't believe what you feel. Don't believe what you see. Don't believe your senses about what happened.
There really was a novel virus. It really did kill millions of people. It probably was gain a function. That means it will come again. Trust us. I'm sure there was a novel thing because I treated people. I'm sure there was a novel thing because sick.
We got to break this, ladies and gentlemen. The only way to break it is to start right here. They murdered people and lied about it in order to start the pandemic. New York City is the most shining example of how this might have been done.
It is maybe the only example that needed to have been done.
But yes, they definitely did it in the UK too. Because that's how we are governed.
I realized something was wrong when I found out last year that my dad had a DNR put in place when he was in his care home.
So I spoke to a whistleblower doctor. She told me they were being put on people who were over 60. They were cast as elderly. She told me they were being put on people with mental health issues, people with physical disabilities, even on children with autism.
So I wrote an article which went viral. David Eich Swativer invited me onto his podcast to talk about what he called the premeditated murder of the elderly in care homes and hospitals across the UK.
Over the next few weeks, many people approached me with heartbreak.
What's the trick? They let David Eich talk about it. Then half the people in the UK won't believe it. Just like you let somebody go on Tucker Carlson. Half the people in America won't believe it. It's a trick. It's a show. It is an enchantment. And we are all trapped in it until we throw it all out.
David Eich is a witting or unwitting player in this already on stage. He should be lifting others up. And maybe that's what this is. Maybe, maybe that's what this is.
But I don't think we should count on David Eich to be the hero. If this is David Eich's movie, well, okay, then we better take it with a grain of salt. But there is also a little bit of this play in here that they have to tell us the truth in order to get away with it and feel okay about it.
If they lie to us without the truth being available, if they don't actually reveal their plan while they execute it, there's something uncouth about that for them. Capital T-H-E-M.
Ladies and gentlemen, they murdered people to create the illusion of a pandemic. I am certain of it.
Taking stories of how their relatives and loved ones have been killed in hospital. There were too many not to believe, so I decided to pitch it to the national newspapers.
I contacted 28 editors and got no immediate response. After chasing a few times, a couple of them got back to me. But after much discussion, and even after they talked to some of the people that I'd spoken to, they decided not to run the story. They never explained why.
These stories needed to be heard, and I realised that they'd be better captured on film than on paper.
It's good. It's going to be heartbreaking.
These dad went into the hospital with suspected pneumonia. Can you tell me a bit about him and what he was like, not only health wise but personality wise?
Oh, he was a beautiful person, an incredible soul, gave everything to everybody in his life, you know.
Oh, it's going to be awful.
Yeah, great blues guitar list.
It's going to be awful.
They just killed people. That's all they did. They just killed people.
Everybody knows him in Liverpool and people had to die or there wouldn't be a pandemic.
That's so sad. So dad was in the room on his own. He was awake at the time. But upon going in that room, he was sedated with Madazalan and given morphine. I never woke up.
How do you know he was given morphine and Dazlan?
They told us.
Patients who are prescribed end-of-life drugs such as Madazalan and morphine have it administered in one of three ways.
Holy shit.
Poorly by injection or via a syringe driver. A syringe driver is a device used to administer drugs over a prolonged period, very gradually.
234 is a cocktail of medication drip feeding under the skin and now I know that was given to kill her as quickly as possible.
My Dazalan dose is very titration during which a drug should be administered gradually at a small dose leading to a larger dose seems to have been abandoned.
Ravi and his wife Diane were NHS nurses. In February 2021, Diane was admitted to hospital after a bad reaction to the AstraZeneca vaccine.
My Dazalan have 2.5 milligrams that can kill a person.
So they always give 2.5 milligrams and they shouldn't do that, especially with baseball like people.
They need to start with 0.5 and 1 and 1.
Oh gosh I hope these people burn in hell and I hope it's a long barbecue.
And on a syringe driver it's a constant pumping of the drug into the body.
And that's not a treatment and that's not a cure.
There's only one outcome when they put that into somebody body and keep it going and it kills them and they know that.
Dr. Mukeshi has said to me, it was end of life.
End of life and end of life.
And I witnessed what he said, Diane end of life and end of life.
Nothing, no matter how I shout, what I try to do, it won't be possible.
It's not end of life and there'll be end of life.
How was it?
Exactly.
Yes.
Mark's 6 year old mum was taken to hospital in August 2021.
She was complaining of headaches and breathing problems.
A COVID test proved negative.
So going back to when you call gambling, what happened when the ambulance arrived?
The first responder turned up to his paramedic in one of those, you know, ambulance cars.
He came in, started giving him oxygen.
He just turned around and said, this is COVID.
And I started giving mum oxygen.
You see, they did it everywhere and this is a very big problem because you can't give people pure oxygen forever.
You can't give them pure oxygen for very long at all before you will start to damage them.
Why is that?
Because we don't breathe just air.
Okay, listen very carefully to this because this is really, really frickin important.
If you give somebody pure oxygen through a mask and it's just oxygen, there won't be any moisture in it at all.
Because in order to produce a can of oxygen, you need to remove everything else.
That includes the water.
You can't pressurize it.
It's got no air in it.
When it is brought from this high pressure to a low pressure, it's cooled.
It cools itself.
But it doesn't suck up a bunch of water from somewhere.
And so this cool, dry, pure oxygen, we're supposed to be breathing mostly nitrogen,
is coming in and is changing the balance of gases that are dissolved in our lungs.
Why is that?
Well, because the partial pressures of the air are determined by what the air is composed of.
If the air in your lungs is composed of pure oxygen, the partial pressure of carbon dioxide and other things in your lungs will be different.
I am not a physicist. I'm not a gas chemist.
But I can tell you, there are a lot of reasons why breathing pure oxygen just because it's COVID could be potentially devastating for anybody on the other end of that applied without any intelligence or forethought without any understanding of the potential hazards of that.
Now, for some reason or another before the pandemic, Mark Coolack has shown us that there were lots of different technologies available that were designed specifically to monitor the oxygen level in the blood and to titrate the amount of pure oxygen that was being ventilated at any given time in a mask
to prevent the over oxygenation of air flow, to prevent the kinds of things that happen when we you willy-nilly use pure oxygen.
How many times should I restate that oxygen bars didn't last very long?
And there's a reason.
He just said that the paramedics showed up. It's obviously COVID that she tested negative. It's obviously COVID and started giving her oxygen if she was already in respiratory distress already had inflammation in her respiratory system,
then giving her pure oxygen may have increased that pain, increased the damage, caused more problems, caused the symptomology to seem to progress.
I think we are on to something so large here, so gigantic here that all these people are going to spin around in their heads about prions had light speed because they have to get us off this subject.
Now we heard it already in the first five minutes of this. Every one of these people was probably given pure oxygen without any other mitigation measure, no humidification, no monitoring, nothing.
Give her pure oxygen.
Okay, I was taken back by that and I was, I was like, I said, sorry, COVID. And he said, yeah, it was really weird. He was kind of boastful about it.
And so I just said, you haven't even tested it yet. He said, no, he was like, he was certain.
My mum said, leave the oxygen here. I'll be right with that. He turned around and said, I can't. And she said, well, I won't go to hospital. He said, well, I can't leave the oxygen.
He said, I have to go. If you don't want to come to the hospital, I have to go. And he just said, you'll die.
The ambulance turned up and they said, we're going to take the hospital. And mum was like, no, I don't want to go to the hospital. And then the woman paramedic said to my mum, well, you need to go to hospital because you might have COVID.
And then the first responder turned and said, no, it's COVID. Definitely COVID. And it was kind of a weird, it was a weird silence.
It was like he was trying to enforce what he diagnosed as that's it, you know, job done.
I think we'll direct the flat. I ran over and I kissed her. And the paramedic said, you can't do that.
And I just turned around and I said, that's my mum.
I want you to just make sure you absorb the malevolence of what they did in 2020 that that malevolence.
People giving hugs through plastic sheets and and knocking on the window of the hospital. These people need some serious reeducation.
Wow.
Just keep listening for oxygen because I bet you it's all over this story.
Every one of these people got put in the hospital in a care home on whatever because they were given oxygen because it's COVID.
It's definitely COVID says the paramedic.
Dad Martin was admitted in hospital in May 2020 with suspected COVID.
Hi, lovely to meet you.
Wow, look at that. So we did have more of your form in because he was cremated.
And we're going to scatter his ashes in places that he loved. Holiday destinations, seaside places he never got to go.
But there is some ashes that we've laid there.
That's where we remember him, really nice idea.
And it's just because life takes over. You can't go to a grave every day, can you?
At least if you atoll him.
That's a really good idea. I've never seen that from before in the garden, but it is a really nice idea.
Just closeness, yeah.
What actually led him to be in hospital in the first place?
He said he took bad in March. He said he didn't feel well. So we rang 1-1-1 and they said, oh, it sounds like he's got COVID.
It's like two weeks. Two weeks later, we still know better.
So we're talking up to A&E and they put him on the assessment unit.
He tested.
So if you tell somebody to isolate for two weeks when they have pneumonia and they don't recover, then they're going to come back in a bad way, right?
Take a tip for COVID on entry, but they put him on a hot ward where he remained for 16 days.
So why do they put him in a COVID ward if you tested negative? They won't answer that.
So he tests negative, but they put him in a COVID ward anyway.
Did they hope that then he would test positive? You see, these are all questions that you don't need to ask because at the heart of it is that they did not treat this man.
They did not treat him for the illness that they had and they did not respect the result that they got.
So here you can see a scenario where even if the tests were real, even if the tests were high fidelity and the signal was almost in the background and didn't even exist these people
because of what happened on television, because of what they were told in their meeting in the morning, because of what they read on social media, they did it anyway.
And so it is of utmost importance that we start to really understand the breadth and the depth of the operation that was executed on us and the number of lemmings that were involved in it.
The danger that these lemmings represent to us and our children that they need to either be woken up or run off a cliff of their own.
I don't want to be surrounded by a bunch of people who will jump when they're told to jump because those people will also put me on a train when they're told to put me on a train.
Holy cow, I can't even believe it. We're not even close to it.
I mean, we haven't even started this movie yet. I'm already terrified of what probably happened in the UK.
And that's the point that I was making to my wife earlier. I don't think we can help them.
I don't think we can help the people in Australia. I don't think we can help the people north of our border either.
I think Americans need to get together with Americans. Americans need to expose what happened in America.
And America needs to change America and change American laws to prevent this from happening again in America.
And everybody else in the world needs to do it in their own country.
The Netherlands, the Dutch people need to pull their heads out. The UK, those people need to pull their heads out.
The Australians, you gave your guns away ten years ago. You need to pull your heads out. And in Canada, it's the same damn thing.
You need to pull your heads out. We can't change your laws. We can't run for your office.
So you're screwed unless you do something. And us making a global effort to oppose the who will do absolutely jack shit.
And I think everybody in the world that's telling us to oppose the who and is excited because some of the text was watered down knows that.
The only way for anyone to make any difference in this is if you organize locally enough to change your own local laws and to exempt your own local system from this shit ever happening again.
I'm 52 years old. I'm sorry. There isn't an adult on the planet that I'm going to defer to to what happens for my grandkids anymore.
I'm done with this deferring to other adults in the room is what my dad did for his whole life.
What my mom has done for her whole life. And that's what got us Mitch McConnell and Nancy Pelosi in Congress for 30 years.
Why none of our parents were never in Congress. Why these ancient people are still governing us. Why Senator Leahy has Mark just pointed out earlier today or last night at midnight.
Was in office until like 23 for shit sake.
They killed people ladies and gentlemen and call it a pandemic they killed people and called it a pandemic in order to invert our sovereignty to permissions and eventually dismantle our national borders and national sovereignty.
And maybe we'll even beg for them to do it because everybody's so corrupt.
Isn't that what they're going to do in the Netherlands with their royal family won't that isn't that what they'll do with the royal family and in the UK they'll ruin it.
They'll expose it. And so then the UK citizens will gladly burn the house down.
They'll expose the the Nazi connections of the Dutch royal family and then of course the Netherlands is half immigrants they'll burn the system down no problem.
And now we're going to have some kind of fractionization of America on the lines of Trump Kennedy Biden.
And money and no money or Bitcoin or or or race law or whatever shit.
And then we'll all decide to burn it down to know the solution is for us to come together as peasants.
And take back control of our nations because they murdered people in order for us to believe that there was a pandemic so that they could do what they're doing now they murdered people.
When a DNA do not attempt resuscitation order is put in place.
It means that should a person's heart or breathing stop medics will not try to bring them back to life.
It was about five o'clock in the evening that the doctor rang and he says your dad's very poo low.
We don't know what to do with him. Can I ask you of opinion on a DNA or we've had an in-depth conversation with your dad.
He wants a DNA or I really wasn't expecting to have that conversation so they caught me off guard.
But then he said your dad's agreed to be so I said well if that's my dad's wishes who am I to?
No reason not to believe them either.
But then we kept drinking my dad's phone and he wasn't answering.
When we eventually got through to him it was about nine o'clock in the evening and he said that they'd scared him by saying that if something happened they wouldn't help him.
So I said but you've agreed. He said no I don't know what they're saying to me but that was his exact words.
They murdered people. They murdered people. That's what they did.
If you told people in hospitals, hospital administrators, EMTs and doctors, stories that you knew would result in people dying mistakenly.
You murdered people.
And unfortunately if you're a doctor and you were told those stories and you didn't have the principles or the wherewithal to see through those stories, you murdered people too.
If you work in a university and you're a biologist and you use transfection on your bench and you didn't speak out about the use of transfection as disingenuously called an investigational vaccine.
And for now you are also in responsible for manslaughter. Yes that's correct.
Just before Christmas 2020 Michelle's mum and Barry's wife Christine was taken to hospital with breathing difficulties.
Dad was decorating the house and decided to do up the house and at this old floor that had been down for it since I got married.
My older brother was pulling it up and the dust was really heavy. It was about six o'clock I think my older brother run and said mum's called an ambulance.
And then the next day we got a phone call from the hospital asking about mum's last wishes.
I was like what do you mean her last wishes like DNR and I was like I don't get what you're going on about or would she like to be resuscitated.
I said absolutely. My mum's always said if you know if I've got cancer there might be a different thing but otherwise you fight to the bitter end and all they kept saying all over the weekend was she's comfortable she's stable.
That was it. We went up there we sat in this room and he started telling us that mum's this much more. Look at that right there.
Do you see that mask?
If that's attached to pure oxygen at 60 liters a minute.
Flowing out of those holes so that the only thing that she sucks in is dehumidified pure rarefied oxygen.
Then in two hours she would have acute lung injury that could easily be misconstrued as progressing COVID symptoms.
If that's on some kind of device where they're adding.
Humidifying and there it's not pure oxygen that I'm not talking any I'm not saying anything at all if it's.
If it's you know 40% oxygen and it's got humidification and there's a sensor I'm not saying anything.
But what I am saying is that when people were talking about running out of oxygen tanks in New York hospitals when they were talking about shortages of oxygen tanks when they were talking about the comfort ship in New York City having an oxygen plant
and running out of ventilators I'm having a hard time believing that they were using the extra equipment that's necessary in order to re rehumidify that air or to mix that air with other air because then you need two tanks
and a regulator.
You see ladies and gentlemen where we're going with this do you see where we're going with this people who spread this idea who suggested that this was the way to go who pushed this idea into hospital administrations through hospital corporations.
These people murdered people in order to see the mass casualty event that they call the start of the pandemic they did it in the UK they did it in America and then they told people in lockdown New Zealand in Australia that look what you're missing.
Look what you're missing.
And that's why we can't fight with them because they were lied to in a different way they were told lies about the murder that they don't think happened those people think that that was really COVID.
People like Jiki thinks that there was really COVID in America because he saw it on TV.
And it didn't come to Australia till later because that's what they saw those people need to dig themselves out of their own cave because their own illusion is different.
The images on their cave wall were different than the images on our cave wall.
And in fact they used our experience and showed it on their cave wall distorted because all the images on the wall are distorted.
We are already trying to play some kind of game if we are trying to come together with people around the world about what happened that's impossible.
Because what happened around the world was different for everyone.
And they saw a different side of the lie.
And since it's all lies then comparing notes ain't going to help unless it's notes about murder.
We can do for him we advise you to turn off the machine.
And I was like what and he said turn the machine off that's it yeah finish and he said we put something in our stomach and I said you're like putting her down like a dog.
I said it's like what they do in Switzerland oh no we don't do anything like that it's nothing.
And I asked when are you thinking of doing this then and he didn't answer and he was all about hands and talking and then my brother asked still didn't answer.
And then I said but when and he went tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
They just murdered people.
Stuart is a new caller from Norfolk. Welcome Stuart.
Could I ask you to imagine Stuart what's the difference because we here weren't sure if there is a difference between assisted dying in euthanasia.
Yes there is.
Okay, euthanasia is what the doctors like to call with death which can be a decision taken by a doctor without your consent.
What currently happens over here is involuntary euthanasia.
That means the patient themselves is not involved with the decision making or even if they resist and they're against it the doctor will still continue to make that decision.
If you want to have voluntary euthanasia that's really the difference.
So you're saying voluntary euthanasia is assisted dying.
Yes.
And euthanasia is where can that happen without the patient's consent?
It's happening all over the country every single day of.
Malad noaz is part of the illusion.
Malad noaz is part of the intellectual dark web.
He was he's been promoted by them for for a few years.
Now he's part of the slow role.
He didn't realize anything until it was permitted to be realized.
Just like a lot of these other people who have now come to some revelation about some aspect of the lie.
They've only come to that revelation now because the script calls for it.
And that's why I say to all academic biologists around the world that have ever used
transfection on their bench you are culpable for this global whatever it is crime that
was committed against people.
You're responsible you should have known better.
How did I know better?
I'm just a research assistant professor which is basically the lowest P on you can be on a faculty.
They laugh at you.
You're a research assistant professor because you don't have funding of your own.
You're riding on someone else's grants or you're getting their grants producing their data for them.
And so how the hell was I the only one at the University of Pittsburgh school of medicine who knew immediately the
exception is transfection whether Bill Gates says so or not.
I don't need to read the New York Times.
I don't care why I just know they're all guilty. They're all guilty.
And if they gave their kids this then they're just bad parents. They're just bad people. They're dumb.
But I got so angry about when somebody tried to convince me that that Robert Malone didn't know any better.
He took the shot.
Well then there's only two answers to that one he's either dumb or he's a liar.
It turns out that according to at least what appears to be an interview with with Stephen Hatfield on the Tommy podcast
it appears that Malone was a liar or that he traveled to Italy without the vaccine card and despite having the vaccine and getting it to travel he didn't bring the card to show it.
So Hatfield made a joke that he didn't have a vaccine card and neither did Robert Malone when they traveled to Italy.
But he told Brett Weinstein in June of 21 that he got the vaccine so that he could travel and because somebody told him it might help him with his long COVID.
So he lied about long COVID too.
He lied about taking the transfection. He lied about knowing that it was a transfection.
He lied about having long COVID and that lied about the idea that well maybe it'll help with long COVID.
They lied in order to create the illusion of a pandemic and they are continuing to lie about the illusion of a novel virus that killed millions of people because that was their job all along.
It's a national security operation that expands across nations run by global weaponized piles of money that are transitioning us slowly from national sovereignty to some kind of global system of control that's
based on fractional reserve banking.
Probably digital functional reserve banking soon great whatever they murdered people ladies and gentlemen one by one they murdered people and lied about it and they continue to lie about it today.
People were in front of the Senate lying about it.
We've had the political care pathway from 1994 to 2004 names the political care pathway.
I'm going to shock you because I'm going to tell you that it carries on without the acronym of LCP and up to 457 people per day in the UK are euthanized doctors in our hospitals and care homes without the consent of patients or with families.
A lot better for sure you should do the outcome.
Stuart Wilkie lost both his parents in December 2019 he says they were killed in two separate care homes six days apart.
Your story Stuart starts when your dad first went into hospital.
He went into hospital with a stroke but immediately at the hospital I noticed things that I had a little bit of background knowledge about and they said things like we want the DNA or an M immediately and I said no.
Do not do not attempt resuscitation one of the doctors he was the head of the current holiday department who said look he's had a big stroke here.
I think we could just let him go and just he won't be able to recognize you very shortly.
This was within like 24 hours of the stroke there was no attempt at having him to rehabilitate and they said if he wanted us to we could withhold fluids from him and then he would just slip away.
Wow.
He had the knowledge.
Care pathway.
I'd been told it had stopped in 2014 but I knew it hadn't.
They told me he wouldn't be able to walk he would never be able to talk very very shortly he would not be able to recognize me.
I said he's got his brother and my brother in America his son and I know he wants to get back over there and he's also been looking after his grandson.
I knew he'd been skiing to the age of 80.
He was a fit very fit oxygenarian and this one doctor but in charge of the whole gerontology ward old person's ward had basically put a dictate a fat that were on him that was to stop giving him fluids stop giving him food.
They then put him in an isolation room which is another trend you have to be very careful of with no heating in November right and we're then going into December and they're trying to make out all they've got a problem with it.
No they've had a problem with it before.
I can almost become I can almost start crying about is if I start to try to imagine how many people were alone.
The Hopi Indians are one of many cultures that I have identified loneliness as the ultimate motivation of human behavior it's the base emotion of everything according to the Hopi Indian.
It's almost weird like maybe part of what we felt part of what we felt in 2020 was actually the manifestation of this pain this loneliness all around the world and people in our own vicinity and around this energy that we couldn't describe where it was coming from could have been this
incurable loneliness and pain that was caused by these people who were separated from their loved ones as they were killed.
And don't think for one second that humanity is so robotic and so mechanical that the suffering of hundreds of thousands of lonely people would not have some impact on our spiritual well being.
I assure you it did.
But because we were so awash in confusion and fear and selfish worry maybe we all missed it.
Because we were all isolated and skillfully using social media to try and figure out what the hell was going on every one of these people suffered alone.
There's a lot of justice to be fought for ladies and gentlemen and not very many people are fighting for that a lot of people are getting nice sub stacks not writing about holy shit.
So they were leaving him with one sheet on to freeze him basically.
How long do you think it's been going on?
I have to dispel a little myth. Everybody said that it was abolished and finished. It hasn't stopped.
Basically it'd been exposed. The public had found out about it and the one thing that was supposed to be corrected was the shared decision making.
And this is a problem because the doctors and the nurses have no concept of the word or the phrase informed consent.
It's their job to inform the relatives which they're not doing and they don't attain consent themselves.
They have to attain that from the patient or from the patient's relative who has power of attorney and they're not doing that either.
So what they're doing is involuntary euthanasia. That is legal and the courts are failing to prosecute.
The law is already there. The 1961 murder act. It starts off with the do not attempt resuscitation form.
You're immediately told we would never resuscitate this person.
Because of their age usually.
Yes, absolutely age is going on here. If you ever asked to do a DMA, my advice would be never ever sign a DMA.
Right? Because it's misused and abused.
It can be overridden whether the patient or the family want one or not. It can be overridden by consultable.
Right, but that's also unlawful because of informed consent and what the ethics of the GMC say that they have to require shared decision making and consent.
They actually dropped off the word informed consent and that was their power anyway.
But no doctor can obtain consent without giving the full information first. That includes all the side effects of a treatment.
Any negative aspect, the positive aspect obviously is to give a balanced view.
But it has to make you fully aware of what's involved in taking this decision. But this is the fundamental problem.
Doctors cannot give consent. They have to obtain consent from the patient or somebody with power of attorney.
And that's not happening at all across the board in every hospital every day.
You've got a BNAR. You've then got a doll's deprivation of liberty.
Doctors' hospitals then think they have got total power to kill that person thereafter.
And that the family members then must all rights to their relatives.
They try to make out that it's a way of a mercy killing or what they call a good death, which isn't even a mistranslation from what it really is.
It's just an easy death. It has nothing whatsoever to do with the condition of the patient at that time.
I have spoken to consultant palliative experts who said fundamentally that's wrong.
You can't predict death, natural death.
And euthanatos comes from a Greek word. Sorry, euthanatos is the Greek word, which it does not mean good.
It means easy death. You can go back to the second century in Suetonius.
The first description known is of August Caesar, the emperor, dying.
Suetonius described it as he was blessed with an easy death because he died naturally at the age of 75.
I'm used to love euthanatos for that.
Yes. And it's been bastardized ever since and taken over by eugenicists.
You want to use that word as a cover-up for execution.
And that could be of people with Down syndrome, with autism, or just purely age.
And that's what it's become.
You are brandy with this. They've got the paperwork, the D.N.A.R. and the Dolls Assessment put on you.
And the next step is they predict your death by giving you anticipatory drugs, the keys in the name, anticipatory.
And do you know what drugs they do?
The standard packet is morphine, medazlam, haloperidol, and chryosin.
The morphine is heavy pain killer. I will knock you out.
Haloperidol is a heavy one.
Which is now becoming very prevalent.
Which is a sedative only has no effects on pain, but is being overdosed to kill people.
Medazlam is also particularly scary because I used to work in an anesthesiology,
as an anesthesiology technician at Michael Reese Hospital in Chicago,
which I don't believe exists anymore, but I still bet you can find it on Google.
And at Michael Reese Hospital, I used to eat lunch with a lot of these anesthesiology residents.
And so I know a little bit about what they know about what they do.
And they used to be really braggy about the fact that propofol was this and that.
Like you could bring somebody under and bring them out.
And it was so cool because it was very different than a lot of these other combinations.
And one of them that they really hate hated was medazlam because they said it has no pain,
but it knocks people out.
So you can actually have someone suffering in pain, but because of medazlam, they're not really there.
And the worst part about it is that medazlam apparently has some memory effect as well.
They said, that's what I remember them telling me.
I could be wrong. I haven't looked it up on Wikipedia and I'm not a farm farm D.
But medazlam is not a drug that you want to fool around with.
And it is used in very small quantities to very big effect.
So, yeah, it frightens me a lot that medazlam is on these lists.
Hammer Peridol has an anti-emitic because it makes you nauseous having the other two.
So there's that effect.
And then they have Hyacin, which is to stop you having death radical wrath because of the secretions.
And they give them together as a lethal injection.
In May 2020, the pharmaceutical journal reported that a two-year supply of medazlam
had been ordered by the UK government from a factory in France.
The oven-based manufacturer accord said that stock ordered by the Department of Health and Social Care in March 2020
had already run out and that they required a further supply.
According to the article, the DHSC said the request for extra stock was part of national efforts to respond to the coronavirus outbreak.
Because medazlam was not identified by domain. Just to be clear, medazlam was not identified by domain.
The accord said that the MHRA asked them to make and sell a further 22,000 packs to the NHS.
Oh, we got it.
But over 2020, supplies have run out again.
Here we go. I'm going to do a medazlam thing. Nice.
Well, now we're going to learn.
You didn't learn anything from me.
Ben and I as a pain.
And it's specifically designed originally for status epilepticus.
And so to prevent somebody who is having a, well, somebody is having a large epileptic seizure,
it's to calm their body down and to stop all the involuntary movements.
Medazlam was a later development.
It's like a paralysis thing.
Basically, it is a potent drug with a quick onset.
So it found a place for conscious sedation, which is a...
It's like you use it for induction. You give them that first and then you use the other drugs to hold them under.
But then medazlam wears off. That's how I understood it too.
Short intravenous injection.
And it will sedate somebody very effectively for a procedure.
For a short period of time and then to wear off quickly.
So it was just what's needed.
The only thing was that if you used it for that, it would have to be accompanied by a pain medication
because it doesn't itself remove pain.
So it will always be the benzodiazepine.
Right. And so that's what you do with...
You induce with it, but then you use something else.
And usually that would be the IV intravenous anesthesia that they use during a surgery.
So when you go to surgery, though, I do think they induce with medazlam because it's so quick.
I wonder if there's a doctor in the house that can tell us because I am not a doctor.
I'm mentally wrong. There's what's called a concomitant effect.
So by putting medazlam with morphine together, you've got two respiratory depressants that together
slow down your breathing, slow down your breathing, slow down your breathing.
And they know what they're doing when they give that drug.
There was a gentleman killed in 2014 with 10 milligrams of medazlam.
And the worst thing is I've also found out NHS paperwork that shows you the protocol now during the pandemic
is that they're giving breathless patients up to 30 milligrams of morphine and 60 milligrams of medazlam.
Damn!
Which is enough to kill anybody.
So what was happening with the first wave in terms of medazlam
and the elderly taking out from the hospital's printed care homes and the drug was used.
Yeah.
So when you saw my dad's alarm, how did you say it?
My hat sunk.
Did you say it on her chart or how did you realise?
No, he told me.
He told you, yeah.
And he said, it was, we're going to start.
You went off in 2.5 and 2.5.
And I said, right.
And he said, and that's to be over 24 hours.
The respiratory depressant effect starts at in micrograms at 0.15.
So not even one milligram.
Wow.
A fraction of that.
A 70.
And so if you lower somebody's breathing in a cold room, you could also push them toward pneumonia as well.
There's lots of nasty things happening here.
It's just, are we going to wake up and do something about it?
Are we just going to make another sign and go protest?
Or are we going to sign another petition online?
That's the question because the UK's got to pull their head out.
We've got to pull our own head out.
And that, approximately, of 1 gram is enough to knock some people out.
And the respiratory depressant effect in healthy people starts at that level.
So you're going to become, you're going to have less oxygen to breathe.
We found out that it was three days before we died.
He was on the motor's own arm.
He was on morphine.
At the time when he died, they said that they hadn't had time to medicate him.
I don't know if you heard that or not.
She did say Madazzalam, but she said it in whatever accent she's got.
It was pretty awesome.
I'm going to play it again.
In healthy people starts at that level.
So you're going to become, you're going to have less oxygen to breathe.
We found out that it was three days before we died.
He was on the motor's own arm.
He can't even say it.
It can't even say it.
But that's definitely what she said.
It was three days before we died.
He was on the motor's own arm.
He was on morphine.
At the time when he died, they said that they hadn't had time to medicate him.
But they're actually giving him live-home, chromosome, morphine.
And morphine.
And Madazzalam.
It's actually prescribed to give this medication.
And this is, first of all, it is not evidence-based medicine.
It's not medicine at all, really.
If you start giving things that you...
So this is a reverend accusing them of murder.
Right?
Let's just not pull punches.
I don't like this.
Let's not say it because of incense people.
No.
We need people to understand what happens so that they get shaken out of their psychosis
and wake, oh my God.
Am I a murderer?
Really?
Yes.
Yes you are.
And you should cry about it.
And then you should confess and you should make other people confess.
And then you should all figure it out.
But yes, you are a murderer.
And these people need to be told that they're murderers by the people that they...
The relatives that they've murdered, but also by people who now realize it.
No cause side effects.
And then they actually do cause their side effects.
That is, you've gone out of medicine.
They said that they were going to give them a dasalaam and a moxacodon.
And it was to enhance their lungs.
And they were going to give it as a driver into her leg.
We were talking about mum's driver.
I'm here to check her on your mum.
Obviously she had her level to drop a bit.
And we're going to increase her dose.
And actually 15 and 15.
Of the dasalaam and the moxacodon.
Morphine and the dasalaam.
I was like, right, so she's on 70 and a half, 70 and a half.
She said no, she'll be on 20 and 20.
So straight away I thought, well, the doctor I spoke to on Wednesday evening,
who implemented the driver, told me that she started on 2.5, 2.5.
So either he lied and she was straight away on 5 and 5.
Or within that period that he told me and the call that I received from her,
it was an extra 2.5 minutes to do both.
And they said 20 milligrams, would you say?
On both.
20 and 20.
Yeah, so that's a massive dose.
Well, that's the thing.
So the call ended.
And I was, I was stood there and I was just panicking.
I was panicking.
We need these people to understand their murderers.
Why?
Because then they will tell us what they were told.
And who told it to them?
What meetings did they have at the beginning of the pandemic that made them
think that this could be even remotely good?
Were they told that the deadly virus was so deadly that they needed to kill the
old people who had it and not let them get out?
Were they told that?
Just like the paramedics seem to be told that you shouldn't kiss your mom
before she leaves if she's got COVID, but she doesn't have COVID.
We tested her.
It's negative.
Yeah, but this is COVID.
We need these murderers to understand that they were tricked into
medical manslaughter, fooled, coerced, bullied into medical manslaughter so
that they, they tell us what happened.
I want to know what happened in New York City.
I want to know.
I'm tired of watching the Kyle Seidel videos over and over again.
And I'm tired of rereading the sub stack responses to Jessica's questions
from Pierre Corey to try and understand what the hell's going on.
Where are the nurses and doctors in New York City who can explain to us
that, yeah, I definitely saw 5,000 people die.
That's why I'm still in the corner of my bedroom rocking back and forth in the
same clothes I had on a year ago because I've lost my mind.
Where are those people?
Where are they?
Because the only traumatized people I see are victims of murder and their
relatives.
And my wife was like, what's wrong?
And I said, that's 2020.
I said that.
So these are dangerous levels now.
And she didn't say they were obviously just, again, justifying it for months
anxiety.
And every time we touch the driver, it was on the end of the day because
it was bad locked up as well.
Like it was in a box locked up.
So why did it all locked up?
And I swear to God, every time we looked at one of us, me and my brother
in my bedroom, someone would come in and write down on their glove.
And I said, why are you keep writing?
I would just check in what's left in it.
When they first gave it, they gave the 5mg of a mocks of code on
and the dazzle out to go by in this driver.
5mg of each year.
That's a big though.
And by the time she died, it went up to 7.1 or something, weren't it?
They up to a thing and apparently at 5 o'clock in the morning they gave
them more.
But what happened was they were, they hid it from us, you know, they
hid what was going on really.
Were you able to speak to any doctors?
The consultant would come in from time to time and the nurses would just say,
you know, I said, you know, what's in the driver?
She said, it's morphine.
I said, right.
She said, what it's for?
She said, it's to help.
It's respiratory system.
Take the oxygen in.
And I knew that medazalan inhibits that.
That's right.
Take the oxygen in.
So imagine that they are repressing the breathing using two different drugs.
You don't need to give to a sick person.
You're depressing their breathing.
And then what they are breathing is enriched in oxygen, perhaps to a toxic
level, depending on how ridiculous they were being treated.
Understand, we're only at the tip of the iceberg if these people aren't aware
that giving them pure, high flow oxygen in addition to this story could
have been the easiest way that they kept them from ever waking up.
That they got them to ask for the painkiller in the first place.
I think there's still a missing aspect to this story, a big missing piece.
But the nurses just didn't.
They just didn't want to know really.
It was like as if they were going through some sort of protocol.
Yeah.
Everything was matter of fact.
And even the consultant said to us, it comes from above.
What we do in here is all protocol.
So my head's racing.
And I was like, no, I have to say something.
So I'd gone upstairs.
I was in my study.
And I made the call back to the wall because I had a direct number.
Turned to Mum's ward.
And I spoke to that doctor from the symptoms team.
And I just said, look, I've got to talk to you.
You said, you give them 20 and 20.
This is a, and I did tell her.
I said, this is a respiratory suppressor.
I said, I know this.
Isn't it dangerous?
And she told her, and she said, no, no, it's perfectly fine.
She'd been monitored.
And that it won't have any impact in Mum's sort of, you know,
lifespan or anything like that.
There's what's called a paradoxical effect.
And that means the drug itself can induce the symptoms that they then use to claim that
your end of life.
So what do the doctors do when they see those symptoms?
They give you more of the same drug.
They're actually exacerbating the condition.
We go back to this isatrogenic cause, physician caused death.
I don't think many nurses know properly what a paradoxical effect is.
I think a lot of doctors don't know what the paradoxical effect is.
And it's a very harsh thing to get your head around that you are trying to open your
mouth to get air.
But because they've given you drugs, you can't get it.
And these people, these are relatives.
I've had to watch somebody come in and give these injections.
This is torture.
I had a call about half-five.
I went back five, half-five.
From my same doctor saying, Mum's deteriorated.
I think you need to come in.
So...
So they basically...
They basically suffocated people.
I know.
Like 180.
They suffocated people alone.
I was just shocked.
I was just like, you know, and then I'm thinking, I don't know,
I don't know if they've got their dose at two.
They suffocated people alone.
And they told people it was COVID.
She's now deteriorated.
I was like, what's going on?
And when they said she deteriorated, this was after they've given another 20 minutes.
After they upped both.
That was 20 of all things.
Exactly.
And did you make a correlation between that?
Straight away, straight away thinking, hang on.
If I, you know, what's going on?
Because I thought I had time.
I thought I had time.
We'd get there and I could see what's going on.
The other thing is if you go to the British national formulary online,
and it's quite easy to look up, you look up the page, Madazalan,
you will see that it's contraindicated to give Madazalan with opiates.
And that is standard practice in these end of life pathways.
It should not be given.
It's not medicine.
Why do you think they brought in as the new protocol for the treatment of people with COVID?
It's completely contraindicated, particularly to give it with concomitant use with these drugs.
So when I found this protocol which said, and I'm used to looking through medical papers,
which then said that you could give up to 30 milligrams of morphine with 60,
following the execution doses making the comparison there,
when somebody died a horrible death, but still died with 10 milligrams
and some, another morphine drug above that, hydromorphine,
which about five times the level of what you normally have,
that in person died but a horrible death.
But they filmed it.
There was a Catholic father who witnessed it.
He'd given the murderer at their last rites, but then he had to witness it.
And he described it as prolonged torture.
The executioner said he would rather watch 100 hangings
than go through watching a human being suffer like that.
This is the drug they're using on our relatives.
There is no reason to be giving these medications.
Madazalan should be banned from these pathways.
If you keep somebody fully hydrated, they will be much more able to drink normally.
Once you bring somebody down, it's like they're trying to take you down the priority scale.
They're making you more and more susceptible to problems.
If you're dehydrated, your voice becomes very, very dry.
And your overall body health, everything.
Everything's supposed to be here in your skin condition.
I don't think you can underestimate how much of our problems could be solved
if we just had water filters under our sink and people drink a couple bottles of water every day
instead of Diet Coke, Tab, Red Bull, and coffee.
How many people start out basically dehydrated from the very beginning
and so their kidneys are working wrong, their everything is working wrong,
and the soup that their metabolism is supposed to swim around in is short of water.
I'm not trying to sound like some kind of new age person.
I'm just trying to say that dehydration over many days can have all kinds of effects.
It can have effects on the way your muscles work, effects on the way your muscles cramp,
effects on the way that the hydration of the discs between your spine
could easily eventually lead to a condition where you have back problems
essentially because you decided not to hydrate with anything but Coca-Cola
from Chick-fil-A at lunch for the last 30 years.
And we're still trying to find new pills.
Holy man.
Everything deteriorates.
You never had no fluids, you know, like the saline.
That's like flu, is it?
They've never had any of that.
So I said, Mum, they said we're not allowed to give you any fluid or any,
we're not allowed to give you any drink or any food.
I said, I'll give you a sponge and I put that on you.
So I did that and she was like, okay, but you spoke to her.
I spoke to her and I said, you're right, darling.
She said, yeah, she should get me out of here.
I said, what's your watermelon?
She said, get me out, get a wheelchair and get me out of this hospital now.
She said they're trying to kill me.
I found out from other patients that they weren't giving them food and drink.
And they went to procedures that I knew were linked to the local care partner.
How can we forgive these people?
How are these people not being held responsible right now?
It's because of the illusion of consensus, ladies and gentlemen,
the illusion of consensus that there was something bad that everybody agrees on still.
Even the authors of the illusion of consensus podcast agree that there was something.
And it's not about murder.
The lockdowns hurt people because people committed suicide, but it's not about murder.
Oh, I assure you, ladies and gentlemen, it's about covering up that murder.
It's about making sure that you never get away from the novel virus that killed
about a million people in America and about 7 million people around the world.
And it's still going on now.
And maybe there's a new variant that will come because the vaccine was so effective.
It pushed it into an evolutionary direction that isn't handy for a lot of us.
They murdered people so that they could tell us this lie for these many years
and they intend to keep telling the lie.
And so we're just going to have to get the liars out of power.
Give him a sip of drink, nothing else.
So he thinks he's had a drink, but it's insufficient.
And during the day, you need an older person actually needs more than you think.
And in fact, the nice guidelines increased that from about one and a half liters to over two liters.
And they were giving him about, well, typically they would give coffees,
which are diuretics that were not decaffeinated.
So you've got a drink that is actually causing you to lose fluid from your body.
And they maybe give two or three of those a day.
So that's actually making it worse.
And then they're saying that they're giving him sufficient drink.
But when I asked them what do you think is sufficient drink, they would sort of say,
well, as long as he's had a liter, that's gone up.
And I said, well, has he had a liter?
He said, well, it's actually 600.
Well, that's insufficient for your brain, let alone your body.
And your body needs at least one and a half liters and ideally over two liters.
That is good health.
How easy is that for a physician or a nurse to follow?
I'm sorry.
But if you've got to drink two liters of water every day, she wasn't getting that at all.
It was literally maybe just some of the luxades.
We're talking sips.
Never mind that her body is being challenged to hydrate the air that she's breathing
that's certainly not as humidified as it should be.
Holy balls, you can see it now, right?
I hope you can see it now.
So Mum wasn't eating.
She wasn't drinking much.
And the only food that she was getting was terrible.
It was like jacket potatoes.
She didn't have the energy to cut.
Did no one come and help her?
Well, all the nurses were saying in their observations was,
you know, Mum needs to eat and drink more.
And I said, right, OK, so what's been done about that?
And they wouldn't let me go and feed him.
And I believe they were trying to starve him and dehydrate him.
They wouldn't let me look at fluid charts.
And I was inquisitive of that.
But...
Everybody knows what a two-liter bottle looks like,
because we buy Coca-Cola and Mountain Dew in two-liter bottles all the time.
Two liters is a lot of water to drink in a day,
and there are very few people who manage it.
And none of us care.
None of us think that that's very significant.
There are people who can't drink their tap water in America,
like lots of people.
In reality, everybody should have a three-stage, five-stage,
reverse osmosis water filter under there.
That's not technology that everybody can't afford.
That's technology everybody can't afford.
Does anybody sell in those things?
Does anybody repping those things?
I have one underneath mine that I installed myself.
I've installed it at every house I've ever lived in in the United States,
because it was one of the things that was like absolutely top of the list
of fearless terror about moving to the United States.
I can't drink the water out of the tap there. I got a problem.
Well, we had to fix that.
Everybody should fix that problem.
But ladies and gentlemen, we're talking about murdering people
and calling it a pandemic here.
They were deliberately trying to block me.
So I would go in there regardless and take him in mineral water.
I would take him for a bit of drinks, and I would give him extra.
And I knew I was keeping him going, and they hated it.
I actually had a doctor put their hand on my hand and stopped me,
trying to do, giving him a drink and a fresh bin.
And I just said, that's a salt.
And I carried on. And the doctor backed off.
Because I said, you can't feed your water.
I was just as I was being looking at the door.
She was, what do you keep looking at?
I said, make sure the nurses are not coming in.
She went, ah, what are you a bottle or something?
I said, no darling, but they said, I can't feed you. Why not? I'm starving.
I've since found out that he was starved as well.
His food, daily, what did they call it on the note?
Routine diet. Yeah.
Was this continued? How long before the three days?
And so no water either. No.
This goes back to the local care pathway.
Designed in 1994 by John Ellen Shaw, and they know this is a way of expediting death.
If you speak to doctors and nurses, they will deny that.
So of course we don't kill people in hospital. We're there to look after them and help them feel.
That's what they say.
I've come to the conclusion over this whole process that there are 5% of doctors,
about 1 in 20, who are, I would say, not only intelligent, very good doctors,
but they've got empathy, and they will actually properly talk to the family.
But unfortunately, that's only 1 in 20.
I believe that about 90% of the people involved are just followers that just do what they're told
and lack that empathy. I think it could be restored. I think they could be retrained.
And then at the other end, I think there's an equivalent 5% 1 in 20.
You've got no intention of doing this.
And they're basically eugenicists, and they want to truncate.
They want to shorten the life of the elderly, and they're vulnerable and disabled.
If you want to be a professional nurse, it is necessary to choose a good school of nursing.
Because only in a good nursing school can you get the preparation on which your future as a nurse must depend.
Do you think to say that the nurses who are administering the drugs genuinely believe that they're helping people,
or do they know they're killing them?
I think there's a mixture. Some of them are knowingly doing this.
The other ones are told that it's things like mercy killing, or that you just follow orders.
They don't use that phrase anymore. Do they have mercy killing? It used to be used, though.
It has come up in conversations. The other ones, again, how can you go to work?
Give a drug to somebody you know kills them, and then go to work the next day and do the same thing.
You've got to learn from what you've just done. You have to be responsible as an individual for what you are actually doing.
If you administer a drug, just because somebody told you wearing a white coat, we're back to the mill room.
A decade ago, the psychologist Stanley Milgram had also looked at how we respond to authorities.
In order to understand how people were induced to improve on drugs regimes and participate in atrocities such as the Holocaust,
he set up an experiment. Volunteers were told they were taking part in scientific research to improve.
Wow, this is a pretty good documentary.
The teacher would ask the learner questions in a word game, and administer an electric
shock when the answer was incorrect.
He was told to increase the voltage with each wrong answer.
Two-thirds of volunteers were prepared to administer a potentially fatal electric shock
when encouraged to do so by what they perceived as a legitimate authority figure.
In this case, a man in a white coat.
I think sometimes they're following that.
I'm getting my answer.
He was hiring my last voltage.
Can't you check in and see if he's alright, please?
Milgram's findings horrified America.
They showed that decent American citizens were as capable of committing acts against
their conscience as the Germans had been under the Nazis.
One of the observations made by the families I spoke to was that the doctors and nurses
they dealt with, spoke or behaved in a cold, robotic or cruel manner.
But they never had their best interest at heart.
They're like robots.
It's horrible because it's completely changed.
When you question them, they don't like it.
The doctor was really cold to her.
She was like, if you don't do this, you're going to die.
One thing I noticed with all the doctors and organizers that they lacked patience, if
you ask my father a question, you may have to wait 30 seconds for the answer.
But I could see his brain ticking.
I knew he was there.
And they never, ever go back.
I mean, I knew my father by then 53 years.
I knew him the best of all, but they don't give you any credibility for that.
That's the same I've learned throughout my experience with this.
They treat you pretty much as dirt, that they do not accept anything that a relative
says.
And yet, you think that's a wealth of knowledge that they should use.
I felt they were going rogue, that's what it felt.
Really?
Yeah, because it felt like everything that I was saying and asking the begging and really
sort of trying to push, this is the family's wishes of everyone treated, totally ignored.
And she was messaging me saying things like, I said, I do feel like I'm on the 10.
She said, I don't know.
I've got to keep my words about me because I'm dealing with these silly people.
We did go and everyone lives us in, I beg them, and she actually said, the only way you'll
get in is if he's a goner.
And it was the last day when the consultant came in in the morning and told us that Dad's
unlikely to make it.
I just, but when I asked her about the COVID x-ray, she put her head down and that was telling
to me.
Did you know to feel like the lack of light calls worked a lot?
Yes, yes.
You can't look you in the eye.
No.
My girlfriend said that.
She said, have you noticed, in here, you won't look you in the eye?
I said, I know.
I said, it's very strange.
It was a very strange environment.
And he couldn't even look at us.
In the little room, we were in the way and even chairs, we all stood up like this.
It was like a stockroom with empty machines and things in.
And he went to a computer and he said, oh, we're filming in this number.
I said, that was my dad's number, about 10 years ago.
I wonder if there were any people that were like this all the time, or you couldn't really
tell where they were looking.
So they didn't make eye contact either, really, because they were just always like this.
Well, and that was 40 hours later, that was 8 o'clock and we went, we said, can we see
him?
And then let us.
And he was still on a COVID ward and he'd been there for five days instead.
I said, look, I'm going to call the doctoring.
And in the way that she passed, and in all of a sudden, as I opened the door, the nursery,
what's all these people doing?
I said, excuse me, my wife just passed away.
I just want to know, she said, why is all these people around the people?
This is my daughter, my son.
Never mind who's around the bed.
My wife just passed away, get a doctor in here.
We had this flat line.
She said, OK.
Walked off, I thought, afterwards, you know, when we had time to think about it, all you were concerned
about is the people around the bed.
But I've just told you, my wife, the flat lines, you know, get a doctor in, wasn't
concerned about it because they already knew.
I'm arriving in the hospital, she was crying begging for help.
All medications stopped, no nutrition, nothing, no machinery attached, no food, nothing, her
mouth was opened, that's been for air, oxygen.
And they didn't even give her oxygen, nothing.
I turn up, and I'm looking at the wall, her observations are gone, her CPAT machine's
been taken out, her Sats monitor, there it is right there, that's the one, that's the thing
right there, that little device, but then a much shittier, cheaper version of it that
they sold on Amazon.
Wow, there it is.
That's the pulse oximeter.
Wonder what that's connected to.
Hopefully it's connected to a variable oxygen humidifier thing.
So I went to the nurse and I said, where's all my mum's observation sheets, so I can
see how she's done today.
And the young nurse turned around, she said, I know you can take those out because your
mum's on out of the corner, and I was like, excuse me, your mum's on out of the corner.
And I just, I was really sort of like the body experience I felt, before I left, I said to
my sister what I was going to do, and she said, I'm going to stay here tonight, my mum.
And I was like, yeah, stay here tonight, my mum, and I said whatever you do, make sure
they do not touch mum's driver, said, if they see you, they're going to increase the
dose, tell them, hey, right now.
I went home, made some to eat, went back about half past seven that night, and dad said their
oxygen keeps dropping, and her red was down, I said, lift her up, and I've been holding
her hands, and her hands were cold, but under her armpits were really hot.
So I called the nurse in, and she said, I'll go and get someone else, and they come in.
And the lady said, you do know the plan, don't you?
And I said, what's the plan then?
And she went, I know there's a plan, but I'm not in a position to tell you, she went,
I'll go and get a doctor, run out of them.
I looked across the bed to dad, I said, what's the plan?
And then I went out after the lady, and I couldn't find her, and then I spotted her in this room,
she looked so nervous, her head was down, playing with her hands, she seemed, she'd come out,
she spoke to the mate, she went to the matron, they were whispering, the mate shouldn't come
over, and she said, did you speak to the doctor's day?
I said, yeah, but he didn't tell me of any plan, there's the one I was arguing with earlier.
She said, well, I'm sorry to tell you that your mum's passing tonight, and I went back
in the room, and I was like, apparently dad's mum's dying tonight.
We got, my brother's out there.
Yeah, and it was one o'clock in the morning when she passed away.
Five to seven, Friday morning, I got a call from the nurse that I spoke to that night.
She basically said, well, I said basically, she said, your mum's gone.
And I asked her, how did that happen?
And the nurse told me, she said, your mum pulled off, her height from nasal,
and we were in with another patient, we could get to her.
The doctor said that he'd been called for it, 20 past one, that dad had pulled the mask off,
and he'd gone in 20 minutes.
So they basically said that he'd caused his own death.
At that point, I thought I'd resolved it with the hospital, I resolved the DMAR issue,
that was supposed to be known to be null and void, and I honestly thought at that point
I'd got him out of serious trouble, but they were still doing bad things to him,
so then I tried to find another place where I could get into, and just by chance
a place appeared with another, and we were trying to get in there before Christmas,
and they were both looking forward to seeing each other.
They came in on the Monday morning, having ordered the drug during the night,
which is another pattern, avoided the GP that on the Friday saw my mother,
and said she was fine, bright, intelligent lady.
Do you know what those drugs were?
Yes, specifically dimorphine and medazoleum, and my mother never showed a chance.
What do you think happened to your mum? What do you think she died on?
I think what happened was, because they neglected her,
and they gave her a high dose medazoleum, a morphine, that because it is a respiratory suppressor,
and they dehydrated over such a long time, that those drugs compounded,
and they magnified in terms of potency, and because you couldn't get the oxygen,
the drugs just obviously she's just suffocated.
Because of what they'd done to him at the hospital, and then at the home,
and he was literally technically dead, when I went back on that day, knowing that my mother had died,
they had already started doing stuff on him.
So when I was looking after my dad's messes, they did my mother,
and I was looking after my mother, they did my death.
It just seems like meticulously timed, doesn't it?
Way too well-traded.
But there's no conspiracy theory here, they were in contact with each other, I know that.
You could tell it was orchestrated.
The whole thing was, they knew what they were doing, and they knew the end results.
Why would you treat your mum here, with morphine and medazoleum?
But on the day that my mother died, right, all was killed,
they immediately afterwards took advantage of that, and whilst I was dealing with her,
they ordered the drugs, the end of life drugs from the father.
And then literally the next day, I was running up on my way to the hospital,
which happens to pretty much everybody, your father's died.
And I was at the roundabout outside the hospital, and I got in there, I'm on crutches, and there.
As I got there, I got another phone call, and they said he's gone.
And I just thought, I can't believe this.
Everything I've tried to do, everything I've tried to do, and they've done this, they've done this.
And I was two minutes too late.
I think if you've been told to...
A long-term girl.
...observations where they tend the family, to me, that's...
It feels like that's murder by stealth.
When you tell other people this, they don't believe you, though.
Why do you think that?
Because it's the NHS, it's supposed to save people.
If you make the comparison to the executions that take an hour, maybe two hours to die,
they say this is prolonged torture.
What's 29 hours of slowly taking down your breathing?
And I would ask anybody that gives one of these drugs to somebody, or even thinks about giving this drug,
you'd think how you would feel if you went down from 12th press a minute to 6th press a minute to 3th press a minute,
and you know the person walks in with that drug, and they put it into your body, it's slowly killing you.
Without your consent.
Without your consent, it's involuntary euthanasia, that is illegal in this country.
He was there the night before, she was fine, she was changed, she called my man out, she spoke to my man,
she spoke to him.
What was the last thing she said to you, do you remember?
Yeah, she said, get me out of this hospital.
They're trying to kill me.
If you slow somebody's breathing down, this is another myth with the doctors, or even the pathologists,
they'll say, oh, but there's fluid on the lung.
Well, if you can't breathe, you can't respire, you can't get rid of the fluid.
You know the clock that they're running out?
That includes water.
Do you want to know the clock?
The clock they're running out?
Do you know what clock they're running out?
They're running out this clock right here.
We only have to ignore these stories for a couple more years, and they will be something that nobody will want to listen to anymore because the Ukraine war and Israel and the election and whoever else.
That's the clock.
The clock is running out.
And a lot of these people have always been running out the clock.
The truth is eventually going to come out because you can't murder people and call it a pandemic and get away with it forever, but you can use it.
You can use it as an excuse to implode Western republics around the globe.
You can use it to turn, as James Giordano said, to undermine the trust and faith that the citizens have in their government.
Well, you can definitely do that.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are under attack and there's nothing that we can do to help Australia or Canada or the UK.
Americans need to come together with other Americans and take back our country and investigate the crime that was committed in 2020, 2021, 22, and 23.
And it's still ongoing because people are still lying about it.
That's not the same as Romania.
Yes.
And you just said it fits in with the air hunger.
So it's like a fish out of water and that's a horrible waste.
The idea that this is a good death is a myth that needs to be dispelled.
It's not a good death to be given these drugs.
I believe that Madazayan should be banned for use in the elderly period.
Then it's gone.
That's how the treating X knows.
Here's where they're going wrong.
It's not pushing up the numbers, ladies and gentlemen.
It is providing the numbers.
And that's what I think is probably wrong with this documentary is they still don't see it. They murdered everybody.
Not one of these people had to die.
And the ones that had to die would have died in a very different way because they would have treated them differently.
And if they were killing people before the pandemic with similar means, that's a UK problem.
And an NHS problem and they do definitely need to rise up and figure it out, but we can't help them with that.
And don't let it confuse you. They murdered people in the United States and we need to figure that out.
And we don't have a documentary about that yet.
And I think it has to do with pulse ox and supplementary oxygen getting people on the conveyor belt of COVID.
What was part of her death certificate?
So I had a call a few days after most passing basically saying the death certificate is going to be issued and on that will be COVID-19 and even like this.
I immediately pushed back on that and I explained and I said, hang on a minute. I said,
I said, have you come to that conclusion? And she said, based off all the doctor's notes.
And obviously that's what the exam was reviewed and he agreed.
And I said, yeah, but what I said, they said, we haven't got anything you said.
What does it say on his death certificate that he died on? COVID-19 pneumonia and what do you think he died on?
They might desire that. He was killed. Yeah.
What do you think happened to your dad? Do you think he was deliberately killed?
I think he was, yeah. I really do.
Why would they do that?
To get the numbers up? I'm pretty sure the hospital get paid.
Is he put down as a COVID death?
COVID pneumonia and what I have noticed and I'll show you is the word COVID is in capitals and the word pneumonia is in lowercase.
And if anyone understands letters and language and numerality, you'll understand what that means.
What does it mean?
It means that pneumonia is a secondary and COVID is the main cause of death.
So his dad was a COVID death sentence?
Well, it means COVID pneumonia. I think they were saying viral pneumonia, COVID pneumonia. I don't know.
That might not be right.
The mainstream media is not addressing this issue.
Why do you think that is?
I think because it's part of the narrative and I think it conceals so many things that are happening.
People who have actually died not of COVID, but have been put on the end of care pathway.
And they are put into hospitals on red COVID wards.
They show any sign of breathlessness they give in this drug and then the relatives are told they died of COVID.
And they are being cremated with no autopsies being done to show the true cause of death.
When I finally spoke to the coroner, because he passed in hospital things take longer, don't do them passing at home because one passed at home.
And the coroner, at first I said to the coroner's PA, I'm not happy what's on the death certificate.
She said, okay, you have to speak to the coroner, Dr Woods.
I said, that's fine. He phoned me up.
He said, what aren't you happy with? I said the fact that it's got COVID on the death certificate
and the consultant couldn't prove that he had COVID except for the PCR test.
He couldn't show me an x-ray of it. And he also said, I can't take it off the death certificate and I can't have this conversation with you.
And I think there's going to be a huge problem in the country post-COVID as well because of these unnatural deaths.
But particularly with this adduce of these drugs, this is induced the atrogenic cause death.
And the coroners have either got to do their job properly or step aside.
There's 93 of them. I don't know a good one yet.
And they need to say this is wrong. The doctors, the good doctors, need to say this is wrong.
I don't like the term whistle-bowers, but we need honest, decent doctors to come out and say this is wrong.
They give these drugs together. They're harmful. That's against the Hippocratic hosts.
It's actually against the, you know, the nurses used to give the nighting hours to not give a harmful drug, right?
And the doctors are the same. I will not give a harmful drug.
And that is being abused and they're in breach of their hosts, but they're also breaking the law.
The fact that the medical examiner and the coroner won't look at any of my evidence and they ignore the fact that the nurses said, you know, we basically let us advocate.
I was that not murder.
It's all come down with money and it's just money. Just to save money.
You know, they don't want to give people in hospital. They don't want to give people in hospital, in an actual hospital.
They just want either patient has some kind of problem and has reached the age of high age, you know, they think they get rid of other people.
The one question they always ask is, why would the hospitals be doing this? Why would doctors and nurses be killing people?
At the end of the day, elderly people cost money and they have worked out how long it takes to kill them to save money in beds.
It takes 29 hours slowly to kill somebody who has worked with them.
Using them as I am combined with morphine.
Why do you think this is happening to so many people?
It just seems like money. That's all I can put it down to. It's just the cost to keep someone in hospital for any duration, obviously cost the NHS.
Eximate the money.
Was your home getting a pension? No, you don't get a pension from 65?
Yeah, she was an entitled pension.
So, you know, that's a saving. The fact that she's not occupying a bed now when oxygen has to save it.
They saw him as an oxygen. He said oxygen.
Just one that they could save for them. It's all about money.
You've got to be a little careful about it being all about money because I think that's a easy out.
It was much more than about money.
They killed people to create the illusion of something that was not there and they're still insistent that it's there and that these policies were justified because it was there.
And so it's not about money. It's about power. It's about control.
The money is something that they use to control the winning and unwitting, you know, extras in the show.
These people already had all the money in the world. They didn't need more. It's not about that.
It's about changing the way that we think about the sovereignty over our bodies.
And that's what this was about too.
Changing the sovereignty that he thought that his wife had over her body and that he thought that he would have over her life.
If she were incapacitated and look what didn't happen.
And when that guy gets in the hospital, is he gonna I mean, you know, they're all it's just running out the clock on these these stories. That's all you got to do.
Run out the clock and drowned it in other stuff.
As long as we're damaged. And what's the point of keeping our going because it costs the NHS money to keep my mum going?
You know, so why would you give someone the Dazzala if your lungs are damaged? That doesn't help someone's lungs.
She could have been 30 years on a pension.
Yeah.
And she'd be here as long because we were going to have a move up here possibly.
Maybe that's the Medicare problem in the UK. Maybe these pensioners that were about to start drawing, they wanted to get rid of them.
That's possible. But again, that's a UK problem in the UK's got to worry about it.
We had the Medicare disaster coming with the boomers and we definitely seem to have used COVID to dodge a little bit of that.
So, and it's still ongoing because they're giving people over 50 all these different shots with the intention of reducing their lifespan.
It's not any different than this. It's just a different manifestation of the same plan.
I'll just give her a better life because I thought everything went on.
I just talked to my wife about it and she supported me straight away. She just said, yeah, let's get your mum here.
Give her the care that she really wants and needs and deserves and live a better life.
The end of life is really the most crucial time in your life.
You can see changes in people when they realize that they're at a point where they might be dying and sometimes the person themselves gets an insight to this.
It triggers them to start looking back over their lives, what they've done well, what they haven't done well.
And many people at that point ask to see a priest and they want to confess and get rid of what's weighing on their consciences.
But to do that you have to think very clearly.
You have to be able to look back on your life and see what you've done and what you haven't done.
You have to be able to mentally be able to forgive people that maybe you haven't forgiven before.
And then this all culminates in the last few days.
And then you can dive peacefully and knowing that you've set everything right.
Quite different from that is somebody who's put on a cocktail of medications.
There was not a life in it.
Normally she'd sit there and her arms would pop up and she'd move red and I'm like you're off your face mum and she'd just nod.
This day nothing.
I noticed the mouth was all dry so I used to get the little sponge to stick, pull it more.
And if I see the wife chewing, like biting on it, I know she was okay she's with me, you know, like nothing.
So I'm waiting her lips with this sponge and I thought, well I don't want to give her too much, go down, I'll start choking.
There was no life.
I think that is one of the worst things about this medication.
It is given at a time that it is most crucial spiritually in our existence.
It's just the modern world which minimizes death, but death is really where we're all going.
And it's a combination of life.
Now some people want to sort of draw a screen over it and say let's not worry what's the other side of that.
But if you have faith, you know what's on the other side and you know you've got to prepare for it.
You hear stories of people who aren't spiritual or religious in any way, but when it comes to that point,
they suddenly want to talk to a priest or find themselves talking about God or heaven or the next life.
Even though they weren't that way inclined in the previous years, right at the last minute,
they have some kind of revelation maybe or a epitome where they suddenly see the light.
That's right, the end of life is a trigger.
And Medazlan weaponizes this end of life, so-called care.
And turns it into something that's alien to medicine, it's alien to spirituality.
And it's alien to family links too.
Medazlan really needs to be taken right out of the equation in care of elderly people.
To follow your parents, eight people behind going into the church, the two coffins together.
And I just thought it was so unnecessary.
This wasn't natural.
And I'm thinking of that at that moment.
And I knew I had to speak first and I had to galvanize myself.
And I thought at the moment, if you can hold your head up, you know, I'm all about losing this,
I just had to hold it together.
But I had to speak.
And I knew if I lost it, my brother would lose it.
And I turned around to the people there and I just knew then that I had to really act.
And I had to work through it and I was crying inside.
But it's the needlessness about it. It's the avoidable death.
They're not natural deaths.
It's not a normal. It's not a normal passing.
You know, I can't accept it.
They shouldn't play God.
They don't have no right to decide whether someone should live or die.
No, you die, you die. You don't die because someone's helped you along.
You know, it's not murder.
It's not murder.
We have been manipulated and consciously and intelligently manipulated as populations for generations now, for decades now, and they used a very, very cheap trick.
They convinced us to think about a mystery that needed to be solved, and that mystery was so ridiculous about a bat-cave virus or a gain of function virus.
But what started out as a cartoon became the nightly news, and the arguments spread through the Senate and across social media.
And after a year and a half of clowning around, people had become convinced that this was the mystery to solve, and in so solving that mystery, they have accepted that a novel virus is responsible for all the excess deaths.
And that's a lie, of course, because they murdered people
in a myriad of ways using a myriad of tricks and a myriad of liars, winning and unwitting participants in a Milgram experiment that they should have done known better about, but it was diabolical.
And that was a very controversial security operation, so it was going to take a lot of people by surprise, and there was going to be a lot of illusion of consensus about what was happening so that nobody would have the wherewithal to question it in the beginning.
And that was a lie, even if we should have known, because we were aware that the government does this kind of thing, even if we should have known because we are biologists, even if we should have known because we were doctors or nurses, we are able and can forgive ourselves for not knowing right away because of this long list of lies that was rolled out in order to coerce complete and total adoption
of the narrative of a lab league that you would get invested in solving that problem.
People have toured the world for years, the same people have toured the world for years.
Why do Americans and Canadians need to speak in Romania?
Why do they need to be on a cruise off of the coast of Turkey?
Why do they need to have COVID summits every year in different places like Rome and Stockholm and Belgium?
Why is it always the same people?
Why hasn't their message ever changed?
Why is it that in November of 2023 when they finally met Denny Rancor and they finally heard somebody explain to them that the excess death can be explained by murder?
They said, oh wow, 17 million people were killed by the shot. Denny Rancor is a smart guy.
And then those same people got in front of the Senate not even a month ago and have still told the same nonsense story about an RNA molecule that started in a mud puddle and is now everywhere.
And they continue to lie about murder. They don't mention the murder. The only murder they mention happened from transfection that they still can't call transfection, but call vaccines.
And they say that they would have worked better had we not used process to.
And they all agree that an RNA pandemic occurred. Many of them had it very early in the pandemic. Some of them were even in super spreader events.
Some of them say they had long COVID. Many of them say they took the shot unwittingly. All of them are lying. And they are lying because they are trying to cover up the fact that the transfection in healthy humans was criminally negligent from day one.
And there are thousands of academic scientists who should have known better and should be ashamed of themselves. And the biology of an RNA pandemic is about the dumbest cartoon that's ever been drawn.
And any biologist worth their salt should have been able to figure this out if they'd just rubbed their beard for a little while.
And so I am upset that it took a non MD and a non MD and another non MD to come to the conclusion that the overuse of pulse oximeters and pure oxygen might have actually not been a very good idea.
In 2024 we came to this not one MD have brought this up in the beginning.
But there are papers peer reviewed papers from 1989 already that did monkey experiments that show pure oxygen is damaging. There are papers that know this is a concern for the intensive care unit but somehow or another.
Nobody else knows nobody else has known this anybody that's administered anesthesia on an operating table ought to know it. But they don't.
Ladies and gentlemen, they have been lying to us for decades. They have been seeding this narrative for decades. And then of the last four years they've been making sure that this narrative never gets questioned because it has been presented to us in a million different ways from a million different people.
And it's all a consensus about the worst case scenario being to gain a function virus that goes endemic.
And they keep repeating it and repeating it we've been in the car with these people lost with these people driving for four years now and it's time we get out of the car.
And it's time that we take account of what's actually happened.
This worst case scenario team that has seeded a narrative of worst case scenario to prevent us from ever realizing the transfection was indeed criminally negligent these people need to be held to account.
The way to hold them to account is to have a hypothesis about what really happened they lied about a background signal they lied about the specificity of the test.
And they executed a plan that they always intended to execute.
And it is very, very likely that they actually.
They did it.
And if they actually seeded the molecular biology there's a very easy way to explain it it's called an infectious clone.
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for joining me this has been giggle on biological high resistance low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
And like what you hear here please understand that there is a way to support it you can share the stream anywhere and you can go to giggle on biological.com and become a subscriber.
Look for some sub stack posts this weekend with some videos that will have subtitles and maybe maybe a transcript or two but subtitle videos for sure.
And every once in a while we're having trouble with peer to.
And that trouble goes away and then the stream works fine so we'll see how this one went.
Ladies and gentlemen, thanks very much.
This has been Giggle Home Biological and High Resistance Low Noise Information Brief brought to you by a biologist.
These are the people who make it possible. Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.